docs: specify frontend API for bootstrapping (#91)
Unleash/unleash-android: README.md

instance.start(bootstrap = toggles)
```

> Alternatively, you can perform a query against the [frontend API](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/front-end-api) using your HTTP client of choice and save the output as a json file. Then you can tell Unleash to use this file to setup toggle states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can perform a query against the [frontend API](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/front-end-api) using your HTTP client of choice and save the output as a json file. Then you can tell Unleash to use this file to set up toggle states.
```
